The sixteenth annual R/Finance conference for applied finance using R will be
held on May 17 and 18, 2024 in Chicago, IL, at the University of Illinois at
Chicago. The conference brings together some of the best people and
conversation in quantitative finance -- covering R (or Python or Julia!),
portfolio construction, statistics, quant ideas and more!

**The [R/Finance 2024 Call For Presentations](https://go.uic.edu/RFinanceCFP2024 "R/Finance2024") is open!**

We invite you to submit complete papers in pdf format, or one-page abstracts
(in txt or pdf format). More complete papers are preferred, as well as
submissions that include working code. We welcome submissions for full talks
(approximately 20 min.), abbreviated "lightning talks" (approx. 6 min.), as
well as (1 hr.) pre-conference tutorials. (Scheduling considerations may
require requested full talks moved to lightning).

Both academic and practitioner proposals related to R are encouraged. We
especially encourage those who were previously unaware of R/Finance to submit
their talk proposals. There are many benefits to giving a presentation at the
conference. It makes your work visible to the community, which often leads to
interesting conversations with others about your work. A full paper is not
required!

**Diversity:** In an effort to increase diversity of the presentations and
presenters at the conference, the committee asks and encourages members of
under-represented or historically marginalized groups to respond to the Call
for Presentations. Travel/accommodation funding is available if that may
prevent you from attending and presenting.

You can submit your proposal at https://go.uic.edu/RFinanceCFP2024. Please share
the link with colleagues and peers. We would especially appreciate your help
sending the link to people from under-represented groups, and encouraging them
to submit a proposal!

We look forward to seeing you in Chicago in May!
