---
title: "Call for Presentations"
draft: false
---

The twelfth annual R/Finance conference for applied finance using R will be
held on June 5 and 6, 2020 in Chicago, IL, USA at the [University of Illinois
at Chicago](www.uic.edu). The conference will cover topics including portfolio
management, time series analysis, advanced risk tools, high-performance
computing, market microstructure, and econometrics. All will be discussed
within the context of using `R` as a primary tool for financial model
development, risk management, portfolio construction, and trading.

From its humble Midwest beginnings, word of the conference spread among trading 
desks and universities, until it became the primary meeting for academics and
practitioners interested in using `R` in quantitative finance. The conference 
has featured presentations from prominent academics and practitioners, and we 
anticipate another exciting line-up for 2020.

We invite you to submit complete papers in .pdf format for consideration. We
will also consider one-page abstracts (in .txt or .pdf format), although more
complete papers are preferred. We welcome submissions for full talks
(approximately 20 min.), abbreviated "lightning talks"" (approximately 5-7 min.)
, and (1 hour) pre-conference tutorials. (Scheduling considerations may require
requested full talks moved to lightning). Both academic and practitioner
proposals related to `R` are encouraged.

All slides will be made publicly available at conference time. Presenters are
strongly encouraged to provide working `R` code to accompany the slides.
Ideally, data sets should be made public for the purposes of reproducibility
(though we realize this may be limited due to contracts with data vendors).
Preference may be given to innovative research or presenters who have
released R packages.

Please submit proposals online [here](http://uic.cvent.com/d/1hqrb9/4W).

Limited financial assistance for travel and conference admission may be
available to presenters. As R/Finance is a volunteer open source effort from
which organizers do not profit, resources are derived from registrations and
sponsorship alone. Requests for financial assistance must be made at the time
of submission, and the presenter should clearly communicate to us why
assistance is being requested. We particularly welcome requests from under-
represented minorities in Quantitative Finance/STEM, and anyone researching
under economic hardship.

Submissions will be reviewed and accepted on a rolling basis with a final
submission deadline of February 1, 2020. Submitters will be notified via email
starting February 15, 2020 of acceptance and presentation length.

Additional details will be announced via the conference website
http://www.RinFinance.com/ as they become available. Information on previous
years' presenters and their presentations are under the `Archive` tab of the 
site. We will make a seperate announcement when registration opens, in March.

